fix(types): update unevaluatedItems type defintion (#1295)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/slow-lemons-accept.md

---

> '@redocly/cli': major
> '@redocly/openapi-core': major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@redocly/cli': patch
'@redocly/openapi-core': patch
```

---

> fix(types): update `unevaluatedItems` type definition to resolve either boolean or object schema per JSON Schema 2019-09 specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `unevaluatedItems` type definition to resolve either boolean or object schema per JSON Schema 2019-09 specification.
```
